"The Other Side of Deep Space" from: http://www.xqb5.org/0_3/
===Chapter 1 Old Land===
As the train goes away, a large number of withered and yellow fallen leaves are brought up in the vibration of the railroad tracks, and it also brings up the bleakness of autumn.
Wang Xuan watched until the train gradually disappeared, then he looked back and sent a few classmates away.
After this farewell, the world will be far apart, and I don't know how many years it will be before we can meet again, and some people will never see each other again.
Around, some people are still waving their hands slowly, not letting go for a long time, and some people are silent, quite sad.
During the four years of university, we walked together, and the friendship accumulated is always a little hard to let go.
The afterglow of the setting sun obliquely illuminates the falling yellow leaves, and the light and shadow are mottled, interweaving a sense of the passage of time.
A delicate girl turned around and secretly wiped away the tears behind the glasses.
In this special era, they will go back to each other after graduation, and they may never meet again in this life.
The autumn wind blows, and the yellow leaves are messy and fluttering.
In this season, some people are frustrated and some are proud.
Four months after graduation, some people stayed in this city with a bright future, while others waited and persevered in anxiety, while more people left with regret and will return to their hometowns.
Wang Xuan was walking on the way back, thinking about where he would go.
The streets are old, and the sycamore trees on both sides of the road have fallen leaves in large numbers, all over the ground.
Someone walked side by side with him, complaining for him: "The people left without you, why is it like this? They gave up on you!"
As a classmate and good friend, in Qin Cheng's view, Wang Xuan cannot be avoided whenever there is a quota, and he will definitely be selected.
After the results came out, many people were in mixed feelings, and Wang Xuan was actually defeated.
"Don't talk about me, how are you doing? Have you got any results?" Wang Xuan asked him.
Qin Cheng told him in a low voice that he might go to Xinyue because of his relationship with his family.
"New moon, across the deep space, I don't know if we will see each other again in the future." Wang Xuan stopped, and his friends around him were about to travel far away.
He is tall, not thin, but well-proportioned and powerful. In the sunset, his body has a layer of light golden brilliance, and his eyes are clear and energetic.
"I will come back, and I will definitely see you again." Qin Cheng is an emotional person, and it is difficult to leave his homeland, especially when he thinks that it will be difficult to see his friends again, and he feels a little uncomfortable.
"Call me when you come back!" Wang Xuan hugged his shoulder vigorously.
There was a choking sound in the wind, Wang Xuan and Qin Cheng turned their heads and saw a male student who was very emotional.
His face was pale, he cried loudly, and shouted: "I really want to stay in this city, I want to wait until the last chance, I don't want to go back to my hometown like this!"
He has lived and studied here for four years. He has worked very hard, struggled, fought, planned his future, and wanted to find his own position, but he couldn't stay in it after all.
He burst into tears.
The autumn wind is chilly, and some students are depressed.
On the other side, a couple stopped and looked at each other without speaking, just crying silently.
They will be separated, and from now on, they will not be separated by thousands of miles, but separated by a starry sky, and they may never see each other again in this life.
The faces of the two were full of tears, and they embraced each other for the last time, and after that, there was only silence.
This city is very big, but it is a bit old, retaining the traces of the old times. Many old trees beside the road are very thick, one or two hundred years old.
Relatively speaking, the whole city has inherited the style of the past and preserved it through the years.
In other places, some cities left over from the old era have been abandoned for a long time, and a large area is barren, covered with vines and thorns, and gradually submerged by vegetation.
After returning to the campus, Qin Cheng was still upset about Wang Xuan, and advised him to find someone to understand the reason, why he was abandoned, and ask for an explanation.
Even after graduation, they are allowed to live on campus until all final candidates are determined.
This opportunity is rare, and the chosen ones stay in this city to wait, and will soon go to Nova, where there seems to be some extraordinary discovery.
Qin Cheng was also not selected, and his family tried their best to give him the opportunity to enter deep space.